Git providers supporting CI (#6692)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/git/git-configuration-in-dbt-cloud.md

    link="/docs/cloud/git/connect-azure-devops"
    icon="dbt-bit"/>

<Card

>     title="Git providers who support CI"
>     body="Learn which Git providers support CI"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title="Availability of CI features by Git provider"
    body="Learn which Git providers have native support for Continuous Integration workflows"
```
Same comment as below - open to alternative phrasing on this though

    link="/docs/deploy/continuous-integration#git-providers-who-support-ci"
    icon="dbt-bit"/>

> 

Author: ```suggestion
</div>
```
